When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A remote is a great way to share code and collaborate with others.
It's also a great way to back up your work in the cloud.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Pulling manually will ensure I'm getting the files I need, when I need them.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A fork will copy over a remote to my own account, which I could then clone so I can pull it to my own
computer and work on it locally. By creating branches, off of the master, I work on various bug fixes
and new features while not affecting the live version.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It's good to have a copy stored locally in case your site or application encounters
issues and needs to be restored from a reliable version.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
With Git and Github, collaboration and sharing tools are built directly into the platforms,
which means multiple other tools can be left aside, such as email, file sharing tools, etc.
There may be new commands and functionality to learn on Git and Git Hub, but it's worth it!

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
The master is the live production version of your site or master, and as such, is not really meant to be messed with.
Any change or new feature should be worked on in a separate branch, then merged into the master. Changing master directly
would certainly be quicker, but there's less opportunity for others to review your work, and more chance of introducing a bug
in the master version.

Commands:

git fetch  |  will update local copy of remote branch without changing any other local changes that may have been made. Then run git log and git diff 				to see changes that were introduced, both on local an remote repositories. Then merge when you are ready.
git fetch origin  |    Update local copies with chanes from remote on every branch of the origin remote
git log origin/master OR git diff origin/master master  |  inspect local copies
git pull origin master  |    Get the master branch from the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    = Git fetch origin + git merge master origin/master
git push origin master  |    Push the master branch to the remote location origin.
git remote  |    Show all remote locations for the repository
git remote add origin url |     Add a new remote location for the repository. Origin is the default name to use when you create only one remote 									location. Url should be the https url to the github repository.
git remote -v  |    Outputs the remote locations with verbose information (fetch and push urls)





